My first (working) website

Here will contain most of the information about my approach to this project and how I tackled some of the issues I experienced during this project

As of 05/01/2024, I am researching Jinja 3 so I can properly use the index feature with flask that I have set up. So far, as of date, I have created some basic css and html code that makes the website have a gradient and that the buttons have rounded edges. I have also created a nav-bar (WIP) that functions, but it is individually on each file but I want it to be just on the index file and it imports the nav-bar to each page from the index as this will clean up the program and help it run smoother. This is why I am researching Jinja 3 because I am aware that it is possible to do the task i wish, but i need to learn how to do this. Don't know how long it will take, but i should get it working in a couple days hopefully.

It is now 12/01/2024, I have officialy made a template under the "index.html" file. It seems to work as expected and now all that is left is to work out the kinks and then add the actual content.

19/01/2024, I have made the repository private. I have decided what I am going to use this website for so now I can add content, I am going to make it an online store. Now that I have devised a focus on what I am actually going to be doing for this website, adding content will be so much easier. I am also learning Javascript and it is very exciting.

07/02/2024, Big jump, changed the repository back to public. I took a long break because I was finding the work tedious but now I am working on it again. I have been fiddleing with javascript and I might even use 'javascript object notation' or just json. This I would use for a login system but I might change this to using an API but I need to do more research and I would rather make most of this website by my own code (no copy paste, no exact copying) for example, I made my own navigation system but i used some of the code from my friend for the Jinja but it was only for the syntax, everything other than the syntax is my own. My studies on Javascript continue though.